[CIVIS-8381] Add test performance regression facets (#21144)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/explorer/_index.md

| Known Flaky            | Whether or not a test is known to be flaky: `true` or `false`. <br><br>The test run has flaked in the commit (according to the "Flaky" definition) and it was already present on the "Flaky test" table of either the branch of the test run or the default branch of the repository. This means that the test was detected as flaky in the past, and that this failure may not be the result of a change in this commit. |
| Language               | The language of the service.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | New Flaky              | Whether or not this flaky test has occurred before: `true` or `false`. <br><br>The test run has flaked in the commit (according to the "Flaky" description) and didn’t previously exist in the **Flaky Tests** table for the branch of the test run or default branch of the repository. This also means that the test has been added to the **Flaky Tests** table.                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| New Flaky              | Whether or not this flaky test has occurred before: `true` or `false`. <br><br>The test run has flaked in the commit (according to the "Flaky" description) and didn't previously exist in the **Flaky Tests** table for the branch of the test run or default branch of the repository. This also means that the test has been added to the **Flaky Tests** table.                                                      |
```
